README.md, before:

# Yet another jQuery content slider lib. 
## But it would make you happy  
*YepSlider allows you to "slidify" your custom design without polluting it with extra html elements or classnames*  

### GENERAL USE CASE  

Given you have a HAML structure like this and you want to turn it into a slider

    #slider
      .slide-box
      .slide-box
      .slide-box
      .slide-box

It is up to you to set your custom CSS styles, along with left/right arrows positionning.  
*Note that all HTML element ID and class values are not tied to Yep*


### SIMPLE SLIDER

To turn it into a simple slider, you have to inject a wrapper element around the slide boxes (mandatory), and left/right nav links (optional if automatic sliding enabled, see below)

    #slider
      #slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

    %a{href:"#", id:"left-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_left_arrow_file.png"}
    %a{href:"#", id:"right-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_right_arrow_file.png"}

**Take a note from your mockups the width of the slider box, in our example we will say 800px**

Now, add this in your application.coffee.js file

    $ ->
      yepInitData = 
        childrenBoxClass: ".slide-box"
        childrenBoxWidth: 800
        showMultiple: 1
        changeBy: 1
        wrapperElement: "#slide-boxes-wrapper"
        arrowLeftElement: "#left-arrow"
        arrowRightElement: "#right-arrow"
        circularEnabled: true

      $("#slider").yepSlider(yepInitData)

That'all ! you can test your page and you'll see.

Notes:
- .slide-box MUST be displayed inline, use float:left or display: inline-block, or add the right class for that from your favorite CSS framework (We use bootstrap so it should be something like `col` or `span`)
- #slider must have the CSS rule overflow: hidden
- .slide-box AND #slider MUST have the same width
- Don't forget setting the #slider container and .slide-box heights in your CSS (IDEALY equal but you can center vertically the sliding boxes within the #slider container)

### ADDING SHORTCUTS

If you wanna add a navigation links to your slider, just add an ul element

    #slider
      # slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

    %ul#slide-nav

    %a{href:"#", id:"left-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_left_arrow_file.png"}
    %a{href:"#", id:"right-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_right_arrow_file.png"}

And add to the Yep init object those lines

    shortcutsEnabled: true
    shortcutsUlElement: "#slide-nav"
    shortcutCurrentElementClass: "current"

Yep will add automatically an unordered list of links  
It's the only time it injects some HTML nodes in your design, but don't worry it would be just a very basic structure like   

    <ul id="slide-nav">
      <li><a href="#"></a></li>
      <li><a href="#" class="current"></a></li>
      <li><a href="#"></a></li>
      .
      .
      .
    </ul>

It's also up to you to set the styles and positionning of this nav in your CSS


### ENABLING AUTO SLIDING

If you want your slide boxes sliding automatically, just add these in Yep init object

    autoSlide: true
    interSlideDuration: 10
   
Where *interSlideDuration* is the time (in seconds) Yep will wait after the last manual click to switch on automatic mode

Notes:
In this case you can ommit the left/right navigation links so you'll end up having a HAML like this:

    #slider
      # slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

and a JS like this:

    $ ->
      yepInitData = 
        childrenBoxClass: ".slide-box"
        childrenBoxWidth: 800
        showMultiple: 1
        changeBy: 1
        wrapperElement: "#slide-boxes-wrapper"
        circularEnabled: true
        autoSlide: true
        interSlideDuration: 10

      $("#slider").yepSlider(yepInitData)

### CHANGELOG

It's been a long time since we initially created this repo, and technology and tools have evolved since.

- Use of CoffeeScript by default, we're mainly using Yep within a Rails app.
- Use of HAML

### TODO

- Rewriting the plugin in coffee (Does it make sense ?)
- Making examples folder in this repo
- Setting the minimal CSS rules to make it easy to handle

### CONCLUSION

That's all, if you have any suggestions or remarks, you're welcome, just email me at andyu.kifer@gmail.com  
Have fun !

Commit message:

Adding minimal stylesheet and updating Documentation

README.md, after:

# Yet another jQuery content slider lib. 
## But it would make you happy  
*YepSlider allows you to "slidify" your custom design without polluting it with extra html elements or classnames*  

### GENERAL USE CASE  

Given you have a HAML structure like this and you want to turn it into a slider

    #slider
      .slide-box
      .slide-box
      .slide-box
      .slide-box

It is up to you to set your custom CSS styles, along with left/right arrows positionning.  
*Note that all HTML element ID and class values are not tied to Yep*


### SIMPLE SLIDER

To turn it into a simple slider, you have to inject a wrapper element around the slide boxes (mandatory), and left/right nav links (optional if automatic sliding enabled, see below)

    #slider
      #slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

    %a{href:"#", id:"left-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_left_arrow_file.png"}
    %a{href:"#", id:"right-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_right_arrow_file.png"}

**Take a note from your mockups the width of the slider box, in our example we will say 800px**

Now, add this in your application.coffee.js file

    $ ->
      yepInitData = 
        childrenBoxClass: ".slide-box"
        childrenBoxWidth: 800
        showMultiple: 1
        changeBy: 1
        wrapperElement: "#slide-boxes-wrapper"
        arrowLeftElement: "#left-arrow"
        arrowRightElement: "#right-arrow"
        circularEnabled: true

      $("#slider").yepSlider(yepInitData)

That'all ! you can test your page and you'll see.

**About CSS:**
* `default-css.sass` stylesheet is providing the minimal styles to make Yep up and running with our example*  

- .slide-box MUST be displayed inline, use float:left or display: inline-block, or add the right class for that from your favorite CSS framework (We use bootstrap so it should be something like `col` or `span`)
- #slider must have the CSS rule overflow: hidden
- .slide-box AND #slider MUST have the same width
- Don't forget setting the #slider container and .slide-box heights in your CSS (IDEALY equal but you can center vertically the sliding boxes within the #slider container)

### ADDING SHORTCUTS

If you wanna add a navigation links to your slider, just add an ul element

    #slider
      # slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

    %ul#slide-nav

    %a{href:"#", id:"left-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_left_arrow_file.png"}
    %a{href:"#", id:"right-arrow"}
      %img{src:"any_path/any_right_arrow_file.png"}

And add to the Yep init object those lines

    shortcutsEnabled: true
    shortcutsUlElement: "#slide-nav"
    shortcutCurrentElementClass: "current"

Yep will add automatically an unordered list of links  
It's the only time it injects some HTML nodes in your design, but don't worry it would be just a very basic structure like   

    <ul id="slide-nav">
      <li><a href="#"></a></li>
      <li><a href="#" class="current"></a></li>
      <li><a href="#"></a></li>
      .
      .
      .
    </ul>

It's also up to you to set the styles and positionning of this nav in your CSS


### ENABLING AUTO SLIDING

If you want your slide boxes sliding automatically, just add these in Yep init object

    autoSlide: true
    interSlideDuration: 10
   
Where *interSlideDuration* is the time (in seconds) Yep will wait after the last manual click to switch on automatic mode

Notes:
In this case you can ommit the left/right navigation links so you'll end up having a HAML like this:

    #slider
      # slide-boxes-wrapper
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box
        .slide-box

and a JS like this:

    $ ->
      yepInitData = 
        childrenBoxClass: ".slide-box"
        childrenBoxWidth: 800
        showMultiple: 1
        changeBy: 1
        wrapperElement: "#slide-boxes-wrapper"
        circularEnabled: true
        autoSlide: true
        interSlideDuration: 10

      $("#slider").yepSlider(yepInitData)

### CHANGELOG

It's been a long time since we initially created this repo, and technology and tools have evolved since.

- Use of CoffeeScript by default, we're mainly using Yep within a Rails app.
- Use of HAML

### TODO

- Rewriting the plugin in coffee (Does it make sense ?)
- Making examples folder in this repo
- Setting the minimal CSS rules to make it easy to handle

### CONCLUSION

That's all, if you have any suggestions or remarks, you're welcome, just email me at andyu.kifer@gmail.com  
Have fun !
